eight years ago some friends and I were
playing around on YouTube and I went
from one thing to the next and then
stumbled across hand fishing and
Noodlers and we took a spontaneous trip
to Pauls Valley Oklahoma where the
granddaddy tournament of them all is
every year and that's how we were
introduced to the sport I got a group of
models together to create a calendar
because I thought it would be
interesting to have a product at some of
the tournaments that we were going to I
was going to be there anyway and might
as well be doing something productive
and so once I got the calendar together
and brought some of the young ladies to
the tournaments some people weren't too
happy about that
so they wanted more authenticity they
wanted it to be more real and so through
the power of social media I was able to
locate women across America that pan
dish I actually was at a tournament and
saw the calendar and I went approached
Jennifer and I was like you know I know
I'm from out of state but I would
absolutely love a lot of people think
that some of the women may be too cute
or too citified to be hand fisher women
or Noodlers there's so many stereotypes
maybe the hillbilly stereotype which I
mean some of our best friends claim to
be hillbillies are claimed to be redneck
but this derived with the Native
Americans and it was their way of
obtaining food sources and so we just
feel like we're carrying on a tradition
that's been around for
basically you just you get in the water
and you try and find you know slabs of
concrete or rock structures and stuff
that you know fish can burrow themselves
into and make kind of like a bowl inside
and so I mean you can go a long boat
ramps or anything or along rock walls or
lakes rivers anything like that a lot of
people are really scared of putting
their hand in a hole and not knowing
what's in there
and so just a whole kind of like fear of
it just like oh my gosh I don't know
it's gonna be in there and then it
clamps down and you just have that like
oh my gosh like I don't know what to do
and it's just like don't let go and you
know you're Randall infilling and it
strips so much craziness and it's one of
those where if you have a fish you don't
let go I mean a lot of people's
reactions they feel like oh my gosh you
know Rob everything but you put your
hand in and they clamp down and you are
you're not let go
we realized that we've become role
models to a lot of other young women
young children we've realized and
received thanks for many people saying
my husband never took my daughter my
daughter now getting gets to go fishing
with her father and brother and is
included in everything we've had wives
that said thank you so much for letting
people know that women are involved in
this court and can be in the sport he
goes through a million different
emotions and it's so great and that's I
mean honestly what kept me coming back
was it's so much fun
it really is
you